Transition plan for existing Community NFT holders (#6)
with-backed/backed-community-nft-docs: misc/Transition_Plan_June_2022.md

This doc is to cover our plan for transition plan from previous community NFTs to our new community NFT. To date, we've created five different community NFTs. 

- The Alpha Tester token, created in Fall 2021
- Four token types created in February 2022
    - Trusted Tester
    - Code Contributor
    - Design Contributor 
    - Pawn Shopper

Now that we have a new community NFT that serves as a single place to track all of someone's contributions, we plan to do a one time award of XP and accessories to the holders of these previous tokens.

> All previous token holders will give the alpha-snake accessory. All previous token holders will get on XP point in each category––Activity, Contributor, Community––for each NFT they hold. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All previous token holders will receive the alpha-snake accessory. All previous token holders will get one XP point in each category––Activity, Contributor, Community––for each NFT they hold. 
```

Additionally, each Code Contributor and Design Contributor token will warrant an additional 1 Contributor XP, per token. 

### Examples
- Address holds a Trusted Tester token
    - Receives Alpha Snake Accessory, 1 Activiy XP, 1 Community XP, and 1 Contributor XP

> - Address holds Alpha Tester token and Pawn Shopper token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Address holds Trusted Tester token and Pawn Shopper token
```

Author: Was referring to the fall 2021 token
